# ML-Project--kerala-chicken
KERALA CHICKEN ERNAKULAM SALES 2023 REPORT ANALAYSIS up to 18/8/2023

The production of poultry meat has a huge market potential in Kerala considering that 9 lakh birds are required for daily consumption in the state ,At present, the market is controlled mainly by Tamil Nadu-based private agencies, which either supply ‘market-ready birds in retail outlets’ or ‘supply chicks to farmers’image.pngKudumbashree has started Kudumbashree Broiler Farmers Company Limited (KBFPCL) for unifying all the supporting system for production, marketing and sales of chicken under Kerala Chicken project.
From this data set, we can observe sales data from January 1, 2023, through August 18, 2023. There are 18 active outlets spread across 15 locations in Ernakulam, Mulavukkad, Vazhakulam, and Edatahala, each with 2 outlets. During this time, we sold 85271.17 kg in the market, with maximum weights of 2.73 kg and minimum weights of 1.05 kg and an average of 1.91 kg. We supplied the maximum weight to Rajesh and the minimum weight to Divya, respectively, according to daily sales records. The highest sales were recorded in the month of April, while the lowest were recorded in the month of August. We investigate the connection between retail price and sales price if discovery that supply price increases in response to increases in retail price.Sales volume and chicken weight are positively correlated. In order to boost the company's revenue, we learn that. We have to provide birds that are at least 2 kg in weight.
